Our guys welcome in this section.
We're going to create this search functionality.
Okay, then let us do this.
We need to go to our screens directory and over here are going to need to create a new file and we are
going to call this file search on this screen and the section Dodge Dart.
And now we can use control and beats and make this work.
And we can't just use this fitness widget.
And since we can change it later.
Okay.
As well.
We can call this search screen.
And over here we need to highlight and then use control and dots in order to impart the materia to that
package.
Okay.
Now I know that you have access to lots more property.
We can get rid of this container and then use a scaffold widget scaffold.
Okay.
Now, as in all this cow, Ford has a property which is known as Aber, and we can, as you say, Harbour.
Burr.
And as you know, discovered sorry, the harbor has a property known as broker caller and for the broker
caller we can say caller is Dutch read okay.
Now all we can do is use control and has to save and use control and b to make this smaller.
Then we're going to go to the cost to that fly.
And is it not this search?
We're going to get rid of this search there and then use this search.
Says Korin.
We just created.
Search screen.
Okay.
Great.
I had yet to come over here.
Okay.
I think we need to highlight and use concurrent dots in order to import it here.
What we can simply do now is to highlight three stages.
Okay.
Well is already starting.
We can go back to the search for this screen.
Like you said, and silkscreen and wire.
Within the harbour.
As you know, the harbour has a property known as tie two for the tie two is going to be a search field
or a field where you're going to be able to switch.
Right.
Okay.
So all we can do, we can use a property known as test field or we can just go with test form field
in order to have access to some additional properties.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can have the decoration and imputes.
Imputes decoration.
Okay.
Right.
As all we can see field to for us, we don't want any gray air because if we said it, the tree is going
to give us a color of gray.
If.
Okay.
First.
Sorry.
Okay.
Great.
Now as well.
We can't have the test.
And for the intellect, we can't say search has a chain of command and we can have in Thai.
That's what's inside is --.
Okay.
There's going to be test tie.
We can say font size.
Font size to lighting and fonts.
Weitz.
Font with.
We don't want to be without both.
So you can see fun tweets.
It's going to be dark.
W.
TV hundred or.
I would really soak in hydrogen and use culture and has to save.
Okay.
And.
I think you've seen all this before, right?
Okay.
And we can't click on the search.
You can see over here, you can see we have this line.
Right.
I think all we can do is.
We can as well give a color to this again, say color and colors the white.
Okay.
And what we can also do is a will come color of at least contribute an associate and go check us out.
I think this is cool.
But you can have any other color you so desire.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.
So let's see you in the next lecture yet, because I do have a body weight.
So we can as we have a body which is found within the scaffold and we can have a center widget.
Okay.
And.
A child.
And which is just going to say search users for now.
Okay.
As well.
We can tie this and test tie.
And you can see font.
Size 22 and font.
Or it's.
Okay.
Fine.
We follow.
We finally.
Okay.
It's going to be fine.
We.
Okay.
Sorry.
Font which.
Find out which.
A kind of like a spill with that boat.
Okay.
I just feel a comma and use control, and that's the save.
And you can see it over here.
Okay, great.
I think this is way too big.
We can just say 20 or and use country and s to save.
Okay.
Now, finally.
So you're in the next lecture.